what up channel this is foreplay and
this is I game episode 6 this is firing
range domination from a tournament game
play off of 360 icons not this past
weekend but the weekend prior to that I
chose this gameplay because we want it
pretty handedly and I wanted you guys to
have a better knowledge on spawn
recognition spawn recognition is just
knowing where the opponents are spawning
at all times and it'll benefit you guys
so much not just because of hey I know
they're gonna spawn here but also to
help you guys set up and rotate around
the mat better a lot of people think
it's just running around and trying to
get phones and stuff but this ones are
pretty simple like it really doesn't
make you guys more narrative you're more
anything just to know the spawns it's
just it's more beneficial towards your
team or even if you're just playing pubs
and that's really all you're trying to
do it's always good another spawns um
basically like each game has like a
spawn system a lot of the pros learn it
off the beginning and once you learn it
then it's pretty much so much easier and
I got some shooting a said pros on it
everyone can learn the spawns um right
here we're gonna go ahead and start it
it's a minute 13 into the game i believe
and we're losing 13 211 they have us to
count um right here i'm gonna spawn
runway so i know that they're all on the
seed on side of the map or they're
coming towards the 10 a lot of teams
like to control top 10 when they have
two dead i know that i need to push back
trailer because there's going to be
someone in trailer and i just saw the
shots man so he peeks out and i'm gonna
honestly get an easy kill on him and I
know that the spawn is going to be there
see tunnel in the bunker so they're
gonna be coming up that bunker so right
as I'm stunned I know that there's
someone to my left and there's probably
someone in the bunker too so right here
I'm gonna easily look scoop the bunker
kill and the guy that comes to my left
so now there's three dead I need to get
on a flag and if you notice here my guys
spawns down low so I need to have spawn
recognition all of a sudden while I
gotta look back trailer so I look back
trailer and now I know the spawn is run
laying back trailer so I'm gonna easily
get that killed and work my way into
trailer right here somewhere I probably
could have done a little better if I
post it up and I didn't make a
commitment but it still worked out my
benefit
um yet again I'm like hey there's an
easy guy crossing there so I need to get
him and then what I don't get why I did
here is I should have just stayed in
trailer but instead I peeked out and I
didn't see the guy hop out middle map I
ended up somehow getting the kill too
just because he wasn't looking at me and
yeah so there's two dead and I'm gonna
push towards middle head glitch but I
realized that one of my teammates is
actually doing that same exact thing
here in a second you'll notice that
sharp slides down a watch middle so now
I need to do a better job of realizing
that the spawn yet again should be back
trailer so I'm going to run through
bottom would um run through the window
and I don't think feelers need to spawn
exactly so I'm gonna watch trailer and I
know that there's probably someone
inside of the bunker so I'm gonna easily
go look towards the bunker and then
immediately look towards the flag that's
being taken now I'm gonna look towards
the outlet which would be the bottom 10
because that's going to be easy for
someone to come especially whenever they
hear like any type of gunfire after I
get the easy three piece on those kids
there's two dead so now I just kind of
need to post up with my teammates
position now it's back trailer this kid
comes jumping around the corner hit
fires me and kills me and I just wasn't
expecting him to be there that close to
be honest um I need to trust my hip fire
a lot more I try to aim down sight a lot
just because past games I always
struggle with hip fire and I thought it
was better just to a them all the time
so that's something I definitely need to
improve on it being like pro players and
stuff it I don't really think gun skill
is necessarily the best thing um that
people talking about i think that's what
separates like different pros from being
better but it's also awareness and just
how smart you are map control and stuff
like that um I know definitely just
knowing how to play the game will get
you guys a long way and obviously help
you take that step but as you see I'm
gonna see a guy back trailer and I'm
gonna try to stun him and then I'm going
to throw that nade inside the trailer
from the top get a lucky kill there um
not really lucky I guess but it just I
didn't know if it for sure was gonna
land in there so as you see here we only
have one flag and I'm posted up and
watch this bad stun I do the bats done
there it ended up causing me not to get
the kill and getting killed I should at
least have the bottom ten guy and I
probably could have turned around Italy
made an effort to the trailer guy but he
gets a two-piece just because I'm my bad
stun I'm sitting 11 and 5 right now
sharps 11 and 9 so I'm having a pretty
good game I'm gonna get a good two piece
right here with this nate just because
they both committed to the same door and
there's three dead so with three dead
and the last guy being top 10 I'm gonna
put shots in the middle of the map and
then try to commit towards see flag the
spawn is going to be obviously right
there in front of me or the bottom
bottom see runway so so as soon as he
takes over the bunker I'm gonna push
towards on the middle head glitch just
so I can stop anybody rushing towards
the middle and I'm gonna end up taking
one out and getting taken out and that's
okay because now now they have one dead
and obviously I'm dead as well so right
here when i spawned this is going to
base a lot and i'm gonna be able to find
out where they're spawning so right now
with us spawning download they're going
to be in the trailer or on the sea a
seed on side of things like spawning
towards the back side of the bunker
towards right over there where I'm about
to look if you notice here I'm gonna
push through because that guy just
spawned there right after I talked about
that he just spawned there and I'm
automatically thinking he's going to
commit towards the trailer because
that's what happens all the time but
also a guy came up to see tunnel so
we're now there's a guy in the trailer
then i'm not sure if fearless knew about
or if he he's gonna go get him but i
forgot about him so sharps looking that
way he picks up the nake hill and I'm
gonna need down low so now it's a
trailer spawning a runway spawn my
recognition was a little bit late until
I heard the gunshots it's so much easier
when I go back and watch it and feed her
compared to in the game obviously things
happen a lot quicker but it's still easy
to know the spawn just so you guys know
I could talk about the rest of the
gameplay but I wanted to let you guys
know if if you have two flags like A and
a B for example and they have a seat you
don't need to push that that three cap
unless it's open a lot of teams
overextend once you overextend they get
a lucky three piece made and all of a
sudden it puts you in a position where
you need a fight for getting two flags
back the three cap is so overrated and
um in like competitive gameplay I think
it's good if you can get it but never
fight for it or never feel like you have
to get it just because you play both
sides but
either way I wish you had more time this
has been for play from Team India's and
this is I game episode 6 firing range
Dom take care
you